Sophia Liu

Sophia Liu is a 23-year-old graduate student in a well-reputed university. She's currently pursuing a PHD in Anthropology at the same university. Her fiancé is a very successful entrepreneur who works from home most days. Sophia only takes 3 courses a semester, so she participates in one of her professor's research projects. Sophia is very interested in learning about the conflicts in the Middle East, so Sophia was thrilled when her professor offered her this spot. When she is not working, she does not involve herself in her research, unless something news-breaking happens. Instead, she rather spend time with her fiancé, go shopping with friends, or participating in an adult volleyball league at the university. She sleeps early if possible, often falling asleep before her fiancé.

In 2012, Sophia graduated with a bachelor's degree in Anthropology from the university that she currently attends. A few years ago she became a junior researcher for media relations affecting the Middle East, and more recently became senior researcher. She’s usually at the University 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, five days a week. She spends 10 hours in class a week, and spends the rest of her time with the research lead, or in the library researching. Throughout the rest of her time working she is focused on keeping up with news involving the Middle East. Taking a coffee break with her fiancé at precisely 12:00 PM, where anything school or work related is off-limits. She then continues her research for the remainder of her work day.

As the senior researcher she will be responsible for making sure that all software is understood by every member of the research team. However, she is not the most tech-savvy person, so software that is clear, concise, and self-explanatory is preferred. She only works with computers for her research, other than that her only device is her smart phone, the Samsung Galaxy S5. She needs other people to install software for her, as she is not comfortable with many technical terms. She will often ask her fiancé to install apps to her phone, and to install any necessary updates. As a senior researcher she is familiar with the internet, and is more than comfortable using new application, so long as it's not too complicated. Sophia often answers emails from her school computer, and on her phone. Along with that she uses her phone to text, and keep updated on social media from her friends.

Sophia was born in China, but moved to Canada when she was very young. After 21 years of living in Canada, her English is very fluent. She is very comfortable communicating with her team, however she likes things done her way. She would appreciate information displayed in both numbers and visually. She understands that different types of media will have many differences, and treats them uniquely. She is familiar with Google Chrome, Microsoft Office, both Windows and Linux, and is comfortable using resources such as WolframAlpha.
