Amy Watson

Ms. Amy Watson is a 31-year-old Librarian working at a well-reputed university. She is very kind, enthusiastic and helpful in nature. She is a perfectionist in all her tasks and responsibilities. All the students and coworkers admire her because of her decent personality. She loves watching romantic movies with her small group of friends. Once a year, she visits a new place in order to explore different and diverse cultures. 

Every day, Amy prefers waking up early at 6 am and going for a walk with her cat Bella. After her peaceful walk in the woods, She eats her breakfast and gets ready for work. She loves reading novels while commuting to her workplace in a bus. She carries a Samsung Galaxy Note because the screen size allows her to read any book or article on the go. She reaches precisely at 9 am and starts organizing the books returned by students by putting them in the appropriate shelves. At busy hours in the library, she focuses on providing help to any student and ensures that the noise level is good enough for reading. Every afternoon, she gets her lunch in the University cafeteria. One of her favorite dish from the cafeteria is Cheese Ravioli.

Once every week, she runs a stock check and orders new books accordingly to maintain the variety. She does all the work directly on the university's Library network by SSH-ing into, and using commands to audit. Moreover, she proposes innovative functionalities to be implemented in the university's Library network to the developers. She enjoys using different software and online tools to manipulate data on the computer provided to her by the university.

Amy was born and brought up in Canada. However, she pursued her undergraduate studies in UK. Her French and English speaking skills are exceptional. She has a dual bachelors degree in English and History. She keeps herself up to date by reading various articles online in her free time. Also, she has been assisting a researcher with finding and analyzing news articles. She is really quick at producing queries because she can think fast and her typing speed is more that 100 words per minute, which makes her an impeccable Librarian.
