Jamal Diggs

Image: http://blerds.atlantablackstar.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2014/10/computer-programmer-black-people.jpg_1362393117.jpg

Jamal Diggs is a 27-year-old software engineer. Jamal and his wife recently had their first child, a son aged 4 months. His wife currently stays at home taking care of their son. His hobbies include keeping up to date with new technologies, and following blogs of fellow programmers. He also enjoys contributing to open-source projects on GitHub. He likes neatness, and staying on schedule.

Jamal has been working in the library for 4 years. He is currently working at a library at one of the top universities in Canada. He specialises in data engineering, meaning that he is very familiar with database manipulation, and statistics. He spends his work week maintaining code and updating documentation for the library’s main software. He also handles any computer-related tasks that a librarian might need help with. Secondary, he is also in charge of overlooking co-op students which may be interning at the library. Most of the co-op students are in the computer science field, although he does get some business students as well.

A typical day for Jamal starts early. He will check his emails over breakfast with his Wife every morning. They don't have time to go out for breakfast, except on Friday where Jamal's brother will babysit their son. He arrives at work 8:00 AM every morning. He will read his emails, and see if the librarians have any immediate work that they need him to do. After that he will keep updated on any new technologies in his field by reading popular programming blogs. When he's finished he will have his daily meeting with the interns before heading to lunch. When he returns he will begin updating the library's systems. He finishes his work day by checking and replying to any emails, and setting up a plan for the next day.

As someone who loves to work on open-source projects Jamal can very quickly understand code, even if he hasn't written it himself. He runs Linux on both his work and home computer, often using the terminal to get the maximum usage out of his computers. He can adapt to any system and software tool quickly, and has no problem learning new technologies. He carries an Android with him, and like to play games that he's built himself. His computer skills are exceptional, and he is often the one helping others with their tech-related problems.
