Dr. Aaron N. Harris

Dr. Aaron N. Harris is a linguistic anthropologist researcher. He is friendly and easy-going. He is very interested in his research making him a driven individual in his field. He is married and has a son (age 3), and spends a lot of his time at the University or at home on his computer. He brings lunch most days but occasionally he'll eat out. He spends a lot of his time reading about Israel in the Middle East. After putting his son to bed he is able to relax and surf the web casually. He recently had his 28th birthday, and celebrated it by staying home with his wife and son.

Dr. Harris finished his joint-PHD in Anthropology and Linguistics from the University
of Arizona in 2009. He currently works at the University of Toronto as an Assistant
Professor of Anthropology. His specialities include anthropology focusing on linguistics,
communication and language, and the Middle East. He spends a few hours a day focusing
on his teaching and administrative tasks at the University. His students are mostly
undergraduate students, but also teaches a couple of graduate students. He also spends
the rest of his working day keeping up to date on current conflicts in the Middle East
reading sources such as 'Al Jazeer English'.

A typical day for Dr. Harris starts early. He reads 'Al Jazzer English' and similar
sources on his computer while grabbing a coffee and breakfast at his local coffee shop.
He tries to eat healthy, but every friday he decides to treat himself to a sweet chocolate-covered danish.
He arrives at the University around 8:00am on mornings when he needs
to go to work. The classes he teaches are usually scheduled from somewhere in between
9:00am and 12:00pm. He is very relaxed, and is excited to help his students with any
questions, concerns or queries they may have. If he makes a mistake he can easily admit
to it, and he readily apologizes if someone corrects him. Once his last class is done he will
grab lunch either with friends or by himself. If the former occurs he will take his laptop out
and check twitter for any updates on Isreal that might catch his interest.

Dr. Harris has Windows 7 installed on his day to day laptop. He hasn't upgraded to
Windows 8 yet as he finds the 'metro' interface intimidating. As a researcher he is very
familiar with Microsoft Office and similar type applications. He carries an Android phone,
and frequently emails, texts, and checks updates from current social media websites such
as Facebook and Twitter. He prefers to see data portrayed visually such as through trees
and charts rather than numbers.

Although Dr. Harris is not the most technological-savvy person in his department
he never gets frustrated when he doesn't understand how to do certain tasks on the
computer. Instead he will ask questions and try to learn from the people around him. He
is extremely passionate about his work in anthropology and actively tries to share it with
the people around him.
